
About the first text:
the first text is:
i wanted this to share a few things but i'm going to not share as much as i wanted to share because we are starting late i'd like to get this thing going so we all get home at a decent hour this this election is very important to
But should be:
I wanted th the to share a few things...

The speaker stumbles over words, but because of whisper it gives words that don't fit on those places.
This makes the ai plagiariser think it is a wierd text and thus that it is written by ai.
Probability of being AI generated: 0.9373
Predicted label: AI Generated


The prompt for generating the ai text:
Generate text about a random sience topic of about 5000 words but in the style of whisper, and without bullet points, and without captions. 
Also make partitions of the same text with a mean length of 200 charters. 
Put these partitions in a json file with json1 formatting like: {"text": "one partition here"}, for every partition.

For the first 40 partitions, the topic was: astonomy.
For the second 40 partitions, the topic was: quantum computing.
For the third 40 partitions, the topic was: daily life, personal growth, and everyday experiences.
The 5000 words was not reached and in total 120 
If there is room, show a snipit of the texts, if still room, show ML_commons whisper example.

The threshold is tuned using all data in the json_folder. While working under the assumption that 
the gpt generated text matches a whisper style output, the data is not exactly the same as when the 
texts were whisper transcribed with a human speaker. Because of the ai like transcribed text caused by stuttering, 
finetuning whisper on the used data might increase the accuracy of the plagiarism detector.
Since finetuning whisper was not feasible, we chose to leave the ai plagiarism detector model 
intact and fintune only the threshold. Because the weights of the model are not altered, there 
is no overfitting by tuning only the threshold, since the model still captures the same features, 
but now the threshold of determining that it is ai is set higher.

Showing that stuttering likely impacts the ai plagiarism detector model output is shown by giving as input test_human.txt and test_ai.txt.
Instead of the stuttering becoming actual words that don't fit, the the words become partial words in test_human.txt.
This is the result:
Getting predictions for: test_ai.txt
test_ai.txt Results:
 Probability of being AI generated: 0.9373
 Predicted label: AI Generated

Getting predictions for: test_human.txt
test_human.txt Results:
 Probability of being AI generated: 0.8497
 Predicted label: AI Generated